AE-1261: Modernize existing bots (#23)
arbitraryexecution/forta-aave-suite: anomalous-value/README.md

## Description

> This bot monitors Aave lending pool transactions that cross a predefined threshold amount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This bot monitors Aave lending pool transactions that exceed a threshold amount.
```
